this is the scene in jabalia moments
after Israeli war planes H the refugee
camp families carrying the injured
Rescuers desperately working to retrieve
the injured from the
wreckage the number of children killed
in Israel's bombardment is
increasing the lives short by Israel's
constant
attacks dozens more were killed when
Israeli forces struck the magazi refugee
camp Rescuers frantically trying to find
anyone still
alive the camp mainly House women and
children hospitals already struggling
with a constant stream of casualties are
now dealing with even more
patients
at one point you will find all these
people with you know no ventilator so
it's like killing you know all these
patients the neonatal ICU the patients
on critical care the theaters were run
off we had a moment where we have to use
our mobile phones to
operate many here have lost
someone Ran's father mother and brother
were killed leaving her an
orphan she's saying her final
farewell
Israel cut off electricity water and
fuel supplies to Gaza people are using
firewood for cooking as their living
conditions
deteriorate we fled our homes after what
we saw fire and destruction we left
behind our cattle and everything we have
no furniture and nowhere to go let those
who did this for us be
cursed as the humanitarian situation
gets worse un and human rights groups
are pressing for a humanitarian
ceasefire to meet the immense needs of
people demands rejected by
Israel as too early as its troops
continue their
attacks Hashim Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer